README.md, before:

# YTMDv2-Amuse-Fix
Small application which proxies 6klabs Amuse service and injects code to make it work with YTMD v2

# Usage
To get started using this program, first grab the latest release at https://github.com/NovusTheory/YTMDv2-Amuse-Fix/releases/tag/latest.
**THERE IS NO AUTO UPDATER FOR THIS PROGRAM, CHECK BACK PERIODICALLY FOR ANY CHANGES**

### Obtain your Amuse Browser Source Url

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6c017bf-cffa-4f47-b80d-4242bc322b6c)

Your source url is going to look something like `https://6klabs.com/widget/youtube/5bdf09ea2e1c9f89654dafeb89f5cd91aa27e4bcda3b8556f74fc64846aa13d0`

You will want to replace `https://6klabs.com` with `http://localhost:9963` such that your url now looks like `http://localhost:9963/widget/youtube/5bdf09ea2e1c9f89654dafeb89f5cd91aa27e4bcda3b8556f74fc64846aa13d0`

### Create a new Browser source in OBS

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c422e8cc-0735-4a5e-93d2-63a3a08f96b8)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/db633daf-7a99-43fc-9ea1-acae562e6b49)

Then make sure the URL is set to your modified url

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a279483-9da6-4ab7-9382-8d718522c782)

Amuse should now be in your OBS and working properly with YTMDesktop v2 as long as this application is running in the background :)

Commit message:

[ci skip] Add note to readme about following normal YTMDesktop companion auth flow

README.md, after:

# YTMDv2-Amuse-Fix
Small application which proxies 6klabs Amuse service and injects code to make it work with YTMD v2

# Usage
To get started using this program, first grab the latest release at https://github.com/NovusTheory/YTMDv2-Amuse-Fix/releases/tag/latest.
**THERE IS NO AUTO UPDATER FOR THIS PROGRAM, CHECK BACK PERIODICALLY FOR ANY CHANGES**

### Obtain your Amuse Browser Source Url

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6c017bf-cffa-4f47-b80d-4242bc322b6c)

Your source url is going to look something like `https://6klabs.com/widget/youtube/5bdf09ea2e1c9f89654dafeb89f5cd91aa27e4bcda3b8556f74fc64846aa13d0`

You will want to replace `https://6klabs.com` with `http://localhost:9963` such that your url now looks like `http://localhost:9963/widget/youtube/5bdf09ea2e1c9f89654dafeb89f5cd91aa27e4bcda3b8556f74fc64846aa13d0`

### Create a new Browser source in OBS

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c422e8cc-0735-4a5e-93d2-63a3a08f96b8)

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/db633daf-7a99-43fc-9ea1-acae562e6b49)

Then make sure the URL is set to your modified url

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a279483-9da6-4ab7-9382-8d718522c782)

Follow the normal procedures of authorizing a companion in YTMDesktop refreshing the browser source page cache in OBS if needed to reinitiate the authorization

Amuse should now be in your OBS and working properly with YTMDesktop v2 as long as this application is running in the background :)
